Lilliana Robinson: Okay. So we have had the storyboard Walkthrough, where we went through first draft of video. We have had intro to pitch practice with Troy, where we had you all just off the bat give a 60, 30, s pitch. So we've started everything but the QA.
Lilliana Robinson: So we're wrapping up the third section today, and after today you will have had a draft for all 3, and then it's on you for the next 2 weeks to be iterating. And like, I said at the 12 x 12, sending in for feedback, etc.
Lilliana Robinson: So today, we're gonna talk about the importance of the QA. Some best practices. We're gonna look at 3 examples. Dissect those talk about. Why, you even need a question back in the first place, and also what the QA. Section at Demo Day can serve you to do
Lilliana Robinson: in the scheme of like all 3 sections, but also just it as its own thing and kind of why Neil chose it. So we're gonna do those things. And then the most important part is that the last third of this is gonna be spent in breakout.
Jeremy Banning: Room.
Lilliana Robinson: Where you guys are gonna work in small groups, helping each other. Brainstorm some questions, whittle down some questions hopefully. You came with some ideas for what you wanna be asked, but your classmates will have many ideas as well. So we'll probably have. You do like partners since we have so many people here. I will hand it over to Neil. We have a deck for you that we're gonna walk.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Maybe I'll I'll pull up if we need to. I feel like I could just talk to them like it's just a few words on it. Yeah, it's it's simple. It's just a prompt.
Lilliana Robinson: It is just a few words you're not missing.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: My prompt is, does anyone remember my explanation for why we added the QA. To the To Demo day
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like, why.
Mircea Gogoncea: I think. Yeah.
Mircea Gogoncea: I think it was because it allows us to preempt some of the objections. That people might have
Mircea Gogoncea: that. That's.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's one for sure. Yep, that's part of it. There's a little more
Neal Sáles-Griffin: anyone else have anything to add.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You can recall.
Rochelle Dai - PairAnything: Crazy. The first meeting with the investor, like the screening questions.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: 100%. Yeah, that's that's that's true, too.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Anything else.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There's one other key thing.
valeria brenner: Think you said it also.
Mircea Gogoncea: Keep people engaged, I'll say.
Mircea Gogoncea: Oh, wait!
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Go hit, Valeria. I think she might say the same thing as you. Me.
valeria brenner: Yeah, I was. Gonna say, I was like to
valeria brenner: make people be like, Oh, my God! Like, those are tough questions. How are like they're responding that they're so well prepared. And it kind of adds that impressiveness.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This is all correct. So so that is, I think, the biggest one, to be frank, is what we learned. As you can remember, I ran my first program in person for 6 weeks. Covid hit. We had the the whole company pivoted to remote.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So we ran this demo day format, and what we learned by looking at a lot of data
Neal Sáles-Griffin: from demo days that were participated in is that
Neal Sáles-Griffin: massive drop off in engagement and participation, and people listening.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Demadays used to be 8 to 10 min pitches per company.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and unfortunately
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you lose so much attention from people, because if you look in the audience. When these demo days are happening, you have half the people in the room, especially the investors on their phones.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you know, doing something else like whispering to someone else on the side, that kind of thing. But if if a demo day, if a company is on stage
Neal Sáles-Griffin: 4 min, 6 min.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: they gotta pay attention if they actually care, cause they're gonna miss it if they don't.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And 3 different forms
Neal Sáles-Griffin: a perspective about the company within a tight 6 min window.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It actually creates this
Neal Sáles-Griffin: this attention like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: getting thing. It does something that keeps people with it the entire time, and it doesn't actually get tiring to see a bunch of companies do it back to back.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I didn't know that was going to be the case when we started.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but it was a bet.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and it ended up being successful, so much so that a lot of other techstars programs now took this format and have applied a version of it in their accelerators.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah, that's that's part of it. And then the other part of it was more instinctual about the fact that, like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I've worked at 4 4 Vcs. In addition to techstars.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And when I reflected on the time that I would spend
Neal Sáles-Griffin: evaluating founders like when we're at the the point where we're having either the initial meeting, the due diligence calls or the final meeting where we're deciding whether to invest in the company.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There were certain patterns with the questions that got asked
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that were unvarnished.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: very, very punchy.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and demonstrated a level of depth of understanding from the investor side.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that I think
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the room deserves to have access to.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so I hope I'm not just saying a bunch of fancy words, and this is making sense. But what I mean by that is, a good investor is going to ask a question that gets like cuts at the core
Neal Sáles-Griffin: of what some of the concerns about the business might be
Neal Sáles-Griffin: rather than giving the founder just this open air time for 10 min to just brag about how great they are with this perfect story.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I wanted to demonstrate the imperfections that kind of happen between a founder and an investor in conversation, as they're talking through the tough aspects of the business like you deserve to be challenged, and to show to people who you want on your side that you can take. You know the tough love, and to be intellectually.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you know, just challenged about what your business is, so that that just felt more interesting to me. It felt like it was like a grad graduate school level version of venture capital and startups than just like the kind of happy go. Lucky version of this is our Cac. And this is early TV. And this is our Tam. And this is how great we are. And here's our team, like we've seen those pitches for decades, so that count felt kind of boring.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and when we switched it up it turns out it actually worked.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that is the story behind the format.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I think honestly.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the Q. And A is
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think it. It truly can serve
Neal Sáles-Griffin: as a way to get
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the right people on your side.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: especially if you can demonstrate a mastery of
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the Jedi mind train.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Did Troy talk about the Jedi mind trick during pitch practice?
Lilliana Robinson: No.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Leona.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay? So Troy taught me this like 17 years ago.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But it turns out that when you're pitching
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you can do this really cool thing. Have you guys familiar with like these aren't the droids you're looking for anybody. Any nerds in the room? Okay, there's a couple. Yeah, there we go. Pardo gets it nurtured, gets it. Alright. I see you guys. So bottom line is, there's a way to get
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the people in the room or the person you're speaking to, or pitching to.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to have a question in their mind that they like that you manufactured
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like you're you're you're training the people listening to your pitch to have something in their head that they want to know.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and then, by the time you sit down to have the Q. And a
Neal Sáles-Griffin: with the with your eir, whoever's going to be interviewing you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The the first question that they ask is the one that everybody's thinking about.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's it's freaky. It's like a very cool trick that you can do. I've done it successfully. I've won many of pitch, competition, or hackathon by doing this.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and the way you do it is by you kind of lead the witness a little bit. You allude to something really interesting, or you kind of share the beginning of a detail, or an interesting insight, or a version of progress that you're facing in your business. But you don't really go into the details quite yet, but you kind of leave the bait out there.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So then, once you start to have the conversation, you address the elephants in the room like the hard questions, but then you also speak to some of the most powerful or punchy things about your business, too.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So it becomes a really cool, like kind of entertainment.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and
Neal Sáles-Griffin: almost like an experiential thing for each of your companies. And it becomes quite memorable, too.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So all right, any questions about the history of the format before I move into phase 2 of my okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so
Neal Sáles-Griffin: did anyone
Neal Sáles-Griffin: take our advice seriously at the beginning of program and create a question bank?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Does anyone have a question bank.
Mircea Gogoncea: We've had one from before we were in Texas, where I I kind of researched all the questions that people asked in all the applications and pitches that I did. And I, I put together a Google Doc. I don't have it right now, but we've had this for about 6 months now.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Can you? Can you? Can you dig it up? Can you go find it.
Mircea Gogoncea: I'll I'll.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: If you can. It's okay. No worries. Make sure that's a bonus. So no pressure. I won't hold you to it. Did anyone else do it by any chance.
Kelvin Alaneme: I have. I have something from the question the Eir
Kelvin Alaneme: asked me the last time we did a meeting, so I started preparing cases around it.
Kelvin Alaneme: Yeah.
Kelvin Alaneme: he's just some key questions. He asked me that. We've also spoken to some mentors, and it was a recurring question they were asking, oh, would people feel free to share personal details online in a group? And it's one of the things with. So today in our meeting, I answered it comfortably to him, and he saw reasons why people can do that. So it's one of the questions we are hoping to also get him to ask us.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I got you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I don't know if there's any parks and Rec. Fans in the room, but there's a scene where Ron Swanson is at a diner, and he asked for like they're out of steak or something like that. And he goes, okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: just give me all of the bacon and eggs you have, and then and they go okay, and they walk me. Excuse me, I don't think you understand.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I want all of the bacon and eggs you have.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Do you understand? And then they nod.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I use that story to say
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I literally wrote down every single question
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I was asked in my journey. I kid you not like any. It didn't matter who was asking.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I would write it down.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and
Neal Sáles-Griffin: what was so odd
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is at least coming up in Chicago and the entrepreneurial 2010 S.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Mert.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and then there were a few other people that you may have met throughout this program
Neal Sáles-Griffin: as we got to know each other. It turns out that the spot hero founders did this. There were a few others, too.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Turns out a lot of people do that instinctively meaning it wasn't anything that we were ever taught.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There wasn't something that anyone ever told us to do. I didn't like. No one gave me that advice.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but I did it, and I had this database, and I realized that over time
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I was slowly but surely shifting how I spoke about my business, and how I presented my business
Neal Sáles-Griffin: based on having that knowledge.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So if you don't have a question bank.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: now is your time. There's no more excuses. Every single one of you have to start one today.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And what's going to help is at the beginning of that question. Bank is, what's going to prepare you for your Q&A for demo
Neal Sáles-Griffin: cool. So, with all that being said, we have like 3 examples to share with you about this. But what I will say is that we will let you all know
Neal Sáles-Griffin: who's going to be on stage with you, probably in the next week.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So by. By the end of next week. We have a meeting on Monday, I think, to determine, you know who's doing what and assuming we finalize that wheel to let you know asap but that being said, it's it's somewhat interchangeable. The person who's doing the interviewing is less important than you, the founder. It's more about the quality of the question that they asked.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: which you get to tell them to ask.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So you get to design the entire experience yourself.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: They get to be on the same page with you. They'll help you. They work with you like, obviously like somebody who's really good at asking really tough questions. Is Troy, as many of you know.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but what you want is not to just get the the cream puffs, the easy like softballs. You want
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the hard-hitting questions that question the very nature of your business.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because by acknowledging the challenges that you're facing.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: it actually will signal
Neal Sáles-Griffin: maturity and strength.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think, to the right folks that you want to appeal to in the.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Did I cover the right stuff, Juliana?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. And when you also's interchangeable, it's that like you shouldn't wait to know who's gonna be asking you that these things to then work with them. Come up with this. This should be something that you guys are writing just like you write your pitch draft, and then what will happen is, they will work with you to finalize. Basically put those finishing touches, those little bits of riff
Lilliana Robinson: comedic relief. Maybe this person, ha like, can personally relate to it, and they wanna add a sentence or 2 of an anecdote before they ask the question. Things like that. But the meat and potatoes of it are the same. So you guys should be able to work on this even before you know the person. And then this person is getting just come on, and do those finishing touches with you?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But they. But they get trained to basically like, there's gonna be some really smart people in the room that are gonna have a lot of skepticism about something about your business, and your job is to figure out what are the most concerning and skeptical questions that I can just knock out of the part
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to get out of the way.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because it's it's literally like gonna blow some people's minds to go. Wow! I can't even believe they thought to ask the thing that was on my mind, because that's happened a ton. And what happens for me as the Md. For these sex arts programs is at the end of Demo Day, when it's all over and everyone claps. And you know, people start to scurry around a network. I always get
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Vcs coming up to me afterwards and going
Neal Sáles-Griffin: wow! Like that format like I can't believe like. And they they start talking to me about some of you all they talk about the questions like, I get this like immense amount of
Neal Sáles-Griffin: kind of positive support, but also like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: perplex, like, you know, how did you do that type of thing. So it kind of feels like magic. But it is largely up to you all to help with this. With the execution of this.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It can't happen just because I want it to. It has to happen because you all are on the same page with me with what we're trying to get done
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so. Happy to answer any questions, though, before we move into the examples.
Lilliana Robinson: While people are thinking of their questions, I was, gonna say, the person you really wanna Channel, here is Mert. I remember when he met you guys like he would look at you guys and say, Oh, you're that that company? Okay? And then he would ask a really hard question that he had prepared after looking at your company something like you weren't expecting to be asked, and he would just ask it very straight up. And that's kind of the energy I want in these. Q. A's like the first thing that someone that is scrutinizing your business might a might think or ask, and then just knock out the park with an answer.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'll take a low hanging fruit one as cause, you all know it's probably been a running joke throughout the whole program.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Travaris.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: my favorite like. I always always give them a hard time, because there's a travel app, and I'm like yo. I've been looking at travel apps for a decade
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like I could go outside right now, toss a rock and hit a travel app company in the in the bay. You know what I mean. So like. That's a whole thing.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and we gotta own it. We gotta own the fact that everybody's thinking travel. When you think of a travel app, you roll your eyes.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What's the special secret? How did you make it all the way through techstars with over hundreds, if not over a thousand people trying to get into this spot. What gave you one of these slots?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There's a reason.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: right, and we'll demonstrate that. But just know that like, don't be embarrassed by the fact that you're going to have to answer questions that might be either annoying or challenging to have to think about.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, we we went over that in the video walk through session. I remember I was telling you guys like the
Lilliana Robinson: regenerative part is the most important, because it's the only thing that differentiates you. And then I know positive finance. We were talking about the same thing yesterday that there are so many like corporate gifting platforms. We have had one before. But what makes you guys different? That climate approach right and that you're helping them not face the penalties. So those things are the things that differentiate you. You gotta really drive those home in all parts.
Lilliana Robinson: Ally, do you have a question.
Alejandra Guillen: Yeah, I I think that as we were preparing our questions, there's there's a number of them that are the result of pieces of information that we don't have the time to complete, you know, to cover in the peach and the video
Alejandra Guillen: but then there's the other hard questions that investors have in their heads like, you know, who's your customer? How are you making money? And some others? There's too many questions. How do we choose like, what's the right balance between the information that we think is good because he's a differentiator. But that might might not be the question an investor has in their head, but it might still be valuable information for them to realize
Alejandra Guillen: our differentiating points.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, that's.
Alejandra Guillen: Make, sense.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm so glad you asked that. So one of the reasons I wanted you guys to go into breakout rooms today, or why we always do it is to get you out of your head. So that's why the question bank is so important. It's not gonna work as well. If just use it down with a Google Doc. And you're like, this is what I wanna do in the QA. It's what do other people wonder about your business when you tell them about it, cause I promise you all of you are obsessed with your product obsessed with the features. There are so many things that you wanna say.
Lilliana Robinson: say, you can get into all of that in the follow up meetings. What do people actually want to know about your business? It might be the polar opposite of what you think is important to say on stage. I know you're very proud of everything you're building. But what are people worried about what are the hard hitting things that they actually need to know, to even be willing to hear about your product. And.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Of the conversation. That's right.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, if you go up there and you just tell them all these things you're really excited about, they might not be interested because you didn't hit those hard hitting points, and then they're never gonna want to follow up. So it's so much more important to just save those things that I know you really want to talk about and talk about what everyone else is wondering.
Jeremy Banning: Once we aggregate all of these questions together, how do we orchestrate it
Jeremy Banning: in that sequence, such that it's in like some climax. You know, to that point where
Jeremy Banning: they get it. They walk away alright. Understand?
Jeremy Banning: It's an
Neal Sáles-Griffin: They won't. So the goal. The goal is that there's enough curiosity about you in that time period to want to follow up.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So you're teasing your business. You're not necessarily providing the whole picture of the business, but you're addressing things that would limit someone from wanting to talk to you at all.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and you're hinting at things that would be worth digging deeper on.
Lilliana Robinson: -
Jeremy Banning: Got it. That makes sense.
Lilliana Robinson: Troy called these movie trailers. So you'll be up there for 6 min. It's just a movie trailer like they need to watch the whole film. Nobody's gonna know your whole business when you get off.
Jeremy Banning: The stage.
Lilliana Robinson: But will they be like, oh, that guy blue shirt? Okay, I wanna talk to him. That's what we want.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But I will say that, like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: a majority of the pitches and the Q. A's, we review them directly, like the lilliana and myself, and I, I change a lot I tend to. I tend to offer a lot of edits to people like I'll change the order.
Jeremy Banning: Got it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Question, I'll challenge you to go. I don't know if this is punchy enough like I I'm this is one thing I practice a good amount, and I I know I can help you a lot with if you need it.
Lilliana Robinson: Everyone going on one week mail.
Lilliana Robinson: We're able to do that.
Lilliana Robinson: So you don't have to schedule that. But something else I wanted to say is, I want you guys to look at these examples. We already went through 2 of the most
Lilliana Robinson: important Q. A's to see I'm not gonna play them again because we already played them at the Demo Day format. But if you did not see that watch my Demo day format recording, I just reposted it in the Hq. For you guys, that is zest and bloom filter. So bloom filter is Andrew. But remember, Eric Severing House joined as Co. CEO, that QA. Is really good
Lilliana Robinson: and then zest QA. Is important to watch, because a lot of people came up to us concerned like about how harsh Eric was as an eir to Jake. But we scripted that so like, that's how you guys should be. We want people to think that they're like grilling you, because it seems like he was. But they work together for weeks on it. It wasn't actually so. Watch those if you haven't. But we have 3 right now. We're gonna walk through 2 B, 2 B and one B to C
Lilliana Robinson: cool.
Lilliana Robinson: Also, I wanted to point out we're going to watch the whole thing. Because I want you guys to notice how the pitch video and Q&A
Lilliana Robinson: work together, and how each person chose to highlight different things in each of the 3. So I'm going to ask you guys about it. How did they meld those 3 things? And what was their focus in each, because everybody chooses a different kind of mission for each section. So you guys should do that too. Each one should have an objective
Lilliana Robinson: Kegon
Lilliana Robinson: all right
Lilliana Robinson: in the 80 s. My dad sold half a million cans of baked beans.
Lilliana Robinson: It was a gag gift called Jacuzzi, and a can.
Lilliana Robinson: That's a fart joke. Yeah. And it even made it on to the Johnny Carson show.
Lilliana Robinson: So when he died in a plane crash a year ago.
Lilliana Robinson: I wasn't surprised how many people told me they wanted to live with the level of joy and generosity as he had.
Lilliana Robinson: Death is a rare moment when we step back and reflect
Lilliana Robinson: on how we want to live.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm Ally Briggs, Carvalho, CEO of life, web 3, 60, where we help communities honor a loved one that is passed away by sharing memories and make meaning in their own lives. In the process.
Lilliana Robinson: We do that with a community engagement platform where people can share stories, photos and videos.
Lilliana Robinson: When someone dies, the family's in shock and everyone else is feeling awkward, but wants to do something.
Lilliana Robinson: So at life web, we're connecting the real-life communities that the person was a part of. So everyone can acknowledge how that person impacted their life and learn about them from different perspectives.
Lilliana Robinson: On my Dad's life web.
Lilliana Robinson: I learned just how many people he made laugh
Lilliana Robinson: and how many more he inspired.
Lilliana Robinson: So.
Lilliana Robinson: however much time we get.
Lilliana Robinson: let's live the hell out of it
Lilliana Robinson: like my dad did.
Lilliana Robinson: He sees the moment
Lilliana Robinson: every moment he had.
Lilliana Robinson: and I'll always remember the ways he taught me to let go
Lilliana Robinson: with lifelong 3, 60. Anyone can create a tribute page to honor someone that has passed away
Lilliana Robinson: and spread the word to the communities they were a part of. Like their high school.
Lilliana Robinson: their church
Lilliana Robinson: for their fraternity
Lilliana Robinson: and gather memories from everyone who knew them.
Lilliana Robinson: Ace.
Lilliana Robinson: that's why we start with organizations.
Lilliana Robinson: We're creating an interconnected network through these real life communities.
Lilliana Robinson: beginning with fraternities, sororities, universities, and private schools where we're already reaching 775,000 fraternity numbers. And that's just 5%.
Lilliana Robinson: So we can
Lilliana Robinson: 1, 2.
Lilliana Robinson: Hey, Mike.
Lilliana Robinson: Gotcha
Lilliana Robinson: dead mic. Get it
Lilliana Robinson: alright. Let's put up a tribute page for that microphone.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright.
Lilliana Robinson: I get to talk to the most bubbly, colorful person about death. But I want to ask you first, obviously, this is a product more about life.
Lilliana Robinson: Who's this for? Who's paying for it? Talk to me about who your initial customers are.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. So membership-based organizations pay us an annual subscription for a branded website with life web tribute pages for all their members that have passed away, and the reason that they do that is, for alumni or member engagement, and also for fundraising.
Lilliana Robinson: Talk to me about that? Why engagement and fundraising? And and
Lilliana Robinson: how does that relate to the celebration of life?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. So if you think about most membership based organizations like a church or a fraternity. They're nonprofits. And so the whole goal of a nonprofit is to self-perpetuate. But if there's not a strong community. There's no donors, and the whole thing collapses. And a couple things happen when a member of that community dies. So first people are gonna start reflecting on why, they were a member of that
Lilliana Robinson: organization in the first place, and they're also gonna reflect on their own legacy and how they'll be remembered. So it becomes this really organic opportunity for the nonprofit to introduce planned giving, which is, when you write them into your will.
Lilliana Robinson: almost a reflection point of the impact the organization had on me. Because I'm having to remember all these memories absolutely. So me as an individual end user, is there a fee for me? Or is it coming from the organization totally free for the end? Users for anybody that's coming to the page to share view memories. Got it?
Lilliana Robinson: And I don't want to alarm anyone in the room. But we're all gonna die.
Lilliana Robinson: So your market is basically 100% of the wow.
Lilliana Robinson: That's really big. So since everyone's going to die, who are you focused on first
Lilliana Robinson: great questions, too. So we're focused on sororities and fraternities first. And, by the way, when I say we, I'm talking about my co-founder, Rochelle somewhere in here, and my co-founder, Rochelle and I met in business school at Kellogg, and now we're up to a full-time team of 5
Lilliana Robinson: and you know, we partnered with a bunch of different types of organizations trying to find our beachhead fraternities had a few things going for them first. They already have formal systems in place to track when one of their members has passed away and share that out with the community so usually an In Memoriam section and their alumni magazine. And we're essentially digitizing that.
Lilliana Robinson: And then they're a really phenomenal aggregator. So one of our partners, Lambda Kai. They have over 300,000 members.
Lilliana Robinson: And the affinity between those members is really strong. That's sort of the whole point of brotherhood and the Kicker fraternities have a relatively short sales cycle. Yeah, that's always good. You know. Are there more communities you're trying to reach? Obviously, this is just the beginning. But where do you see the expansion?
Lilliana Robinson: Any community-based organization anywhere in the world we can help. So we're aiming to lock up the fraternity and sorority market, you know. Besides Lambda Chi, we're already working with Sigma Alpha Mu. So that's Sammy Deke and Alpha Phi Omega. And we're actually on track to have 10% of men's fraternities as customers by the end of the month. Wow! Yeah, congratulations.
Lilliana Robinson: Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Coming to an alumni magazine near you and what what we think is really neat about starting with fraternities? Is it positions us really? Well to go after colleges next? Because if you were a member of a fraternity. It means that you went to college. And so we're already starting with a large number of life webs honoring college alumni and then also going after private high schools. So we already have 3 partners there, including Stuyvesant High School in New York City. Got it?
Lilliana Robinson: So as I just think on my own life, and if I were to die and hopefully, not anytime soon, you're looking at multiple organizations that I've been a part of? Is there an individual life web or tribute page for me in each of these orgs, or are they interconnected in some way? So there would just be one life web tribute page, honoring you where everyone would share memories. But there would be multiple entry points to stew's life web
Lilliana Robinson: from the different communities that you are a part of. So that could be your faith group, your employer, union or professional association. All of these types of organizations are on our product, or our go-to-market roadmap as well. And what's pretty neat is, you know, if somebody from your high school passes away.
Lilliana Robinson: you're looking at their life web learning about what they were like later in life, you know, you can really see what they were like in another context, like, Wow, that guy really really grew up and matured. That's what they'll say about me. Possibly. You know. Obviously, there's a lot of inherent virality when you start linking the other these organizations. How are you guys thinking about that? And taking advantage of that.
Lilliana Robinson: there's a ton of virality here. So each partner really strengthens this interconnected network that we're building makes it easier to acquire the next partner. And the partners are essentially paying us to market life web services to their hundreds of thousands of members that inevitably will lose a loved one and hopefully use life web to honor them.
Lilliana Robinson: as if the celebration of life of every person on the planet wasn't enough. What is the big vision for you?
Lilliana Robinson: So it's entirely about the living. Let's say that a friend of mine dies. If I didn't tell them that they were important to me. I'm gonna wish that I had. And so I'm gonna call up my other friends. I'm gonna call my Mom, and I'm gonna tell them I love them. Death has this ripple effect of acknowledgement, and in that way I like to think about life web as the inverse of social media. So social media is my life told by me.
Lilliana Robinson: Life web is my life told by others. It's all about acknowledgement and connection, and you know we're in the middle of of a loneliness epidemic. One in 2 Americans has reported feeling lonely, and if I do my job correctly, life helps people feel reconnected to the communities that are already a part of them, helps them feel part of something bigger than themselves, and helps them realize that
Lilliana Robinson: surprise.
Lilliana Robinson: They're going to die one day, so they should stop scrolling and make the most of their time on earth with the people that they love. Life. Web is all about life and helping people live with more joy and intention and connection.
Lilliana Robinson: and death is just the side door that gets us there.
Lilliana Robinson: I love that I love, especially what you said about the inverse of social media.
Lilliana Robinson: Think telling each other's stories is really powerful.
Lilliana Robinson: as we're all gathered today for a little bit of a celebration of life. How can we help?
Lilliana Robinson: So I would like to ask everybody here to just reflect on the organizations that are really important to you, the ones that you really identify with. And you know, if you wanna help those organizations thrive, refer them to us so that we can help them strengthen their community of supporters.
Lilliana Robinson: So if you have an organization in mind, especially if it's a private high school, please drop us your email at the QR. Code here, and I'll send you more information. And as an added bonus I will send you the clip of Jacuzzi in a can on the Johnny Carson show beans.
Lilliana Robinson: These 2 are such a fun. Duo.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I've got one more thing to share about this. This is an interesting story. So Life Web went through our program last year year ago around right now. Right I have that right, Juliana.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It was a year ago around now.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: almost 5 years ago, 4 and a half years ago.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Allie pitched at my very first screening committee.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: which was actually in person
Neal Sáles-Griffin: at 37 Signals Office at Base Camp.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and Bob Mesta was there. Jason fried was there. They were all part of my screening committee.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and we said, no. We ended up turning down the investment. We did not invest in Ali's company at the time, however.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you might remember, for my jobs to be done
Neal Sáles-Griffin: workshop
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that clay Christensen
Neal Sáles-Griffin: jobs to be done
Neal Sáles-Griffin: passed away.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Clay died a few weeks after that screening committee.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Bob called me up
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and he goes, hey.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: give me on the phone with Allie
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because I need her help.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The very first ever life web was actually of Clay Christensen.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and that was like their Mvp. That was their very first like prototype. So then Bob ended up helping them. For a few years.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: got them to a point where they were ready finally to go through our program. So there's a whole loop connected story arc here which I think is really crazy, but also really meaningful.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So hopefully, you all like that, though, would you? Would you think of the Q. And a.
valeria brenner: I think it flowed super nicely like it really felt like a natural conversation, where, like her answer would always then prompt the next question. It wasn't just like he was rattling things off it. Just it flowed so smoothly like it truly felt like a conversation between an investor and like a company.
Lilliana Robinson: That's how I want all of you to.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, it was almost choreographed right.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but it was.
Felipe - Gohaus: Pretty. It was kind of pretty business strategy business model. Go to market something about product sales strategy, you know, but in a in a, in a, very, in a flow that it makes you like. Don't don't think about that. It's not like, it's like.
Felipe - Gohaus: yeah problem, or that that is like.
Felipe - Gohaus: but it's they cover probably everything out of the startup.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, Felipe, what's interesting about that? And this is actually, I realize it's more of a feature than a bug
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It does get somewhat technical with what they talk about business-wise. However.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: there's people in the room
Neal Sáles-Griffin: don't know what that means. Right? There's like, if you have friends family, they're gonna hear acronyms. They're gonna hear terms that don't make sense. But they're kind of curious about it. They're like, what does all this mean because they don't talk like that at Shark Tank.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: right? But then the and the investors in the room you're speaking their language.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You're demonstrating as a CEO. You know, the actual game of your business. You're not just talking at a broad, high level for the first 2 min your video and your pitch
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like, sure, that's like everyone. It's accessible to everyone
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but the QA. That's when we get serious. We take the gloves off, and we're like, all right. Now, let's get into the like. The innards of what's going on with this business.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: sergeant.
Sergey: Yeah, like how they lined it up all throughout, like, that's obviously tough subject. And you know they they kept it pretty.
Sergey: peppered some humor within within the whole presentation. That was cool. I like that. You had a chance to explain like the big vision. So
Sergey: ye yeah, rather than try to fit all that into the pitch. That was. That was good kind of.
Sergey: you know, making it all about the living, and, like.
Sergey: you know, getting deeper into what the inspiration and the goals are. So yeah, I thought that was really good.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay.
Kelvin Alaneme: Yeah, I loved how they lined up some of these things in that she didn't in the if you watched the first video and the pitch and the demo. You will not hear much about the business. She told a very relatable story.
Kelvin Alaneme: and then talked about the fraternities, and then discussed the business in the QA. So it was pretty lined up, and I think it gives us ideas on how to do things rather than being repetitive. In the pitch. You're talking about your business in the video, Demo, you're still talking about your business and in the Q. And A, so I think it flowed very well, and kind of mended together. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Yes, I'm go ahead. No.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Lynn, you go!
Lilliana Robinson: I'm so glad that you said that. Dr. Kate, because I think a lot of you have it in your headset. The pitch needs to be like investor ready, and it needs to have everything about your business like, I've helped chisel some of your pitches already. Where's the story? What is telling people to be compelled to listen for the 5 min after your pitch cause. It's a 6 min set. That's a long time to have people's attention. So the pitch is just to wet the appetite. She did a really good job of that.
Lilliana Robinson: so I kind of want to change the paradigm in your heads like pitch is also just storytelling. It's not just saying everything about your business in 1 min.
Lilliana Robinson: So just think about that, Neil. Sorry. What were you gonna say?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'll let Antonio go, and then I'll close out with it.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah, I mean, just just to your point into what Daniel was saying before is the fact that you know, as she was saying the the pitch I was asking, why would you do that? And then the first question just? She asked, at the QA. Is like, why would you do that? So to that point, like you said, you know I I need to reframe my pitch to like
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: doesn't have to tell everything about your business, and there's the QA. For that, just trigger. The. Actually, it's so much more powerful. Now I see it like it's exactly so much more fun to trigger that question to the audience, and then give the answer.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Go.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So the last thing I'll say, and I cannot promise this to anyone, so please keep your expectations low. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Allie is an example of a founder, where, after this, and they had the networking afterwards, she got an actual commitment that night from an investor.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So she got to check that link
Neal Sáles-Griffin: which is pretty cool to see
Neal Sáles-Griffin: perfect. But I think part of it was like she. Her story was very emotional.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I think when you when you find a way to relate to people in the room where you really get at something that like cuts deep.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: people will make emotional like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: decisions as well.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So there's a way to activate that Felipe.
Felipe - Gohaus: No, just quickly that it was super emotional, but I think she she understood who
Felipe - Gohaus: she wanted to speak to, because in the demo she already put some numbers like market numbers, like big numbers, you know. So she's kind of already saying alright. This is emotion, or whatever. But it's a large business, you know, like.
Felipe - Gohaus: but she's already putting some some things there, you know.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And let me remind you guys, she did not ask for money.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: She did not not ask for money, she was not raising capital. She didn't say that at all.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What she said was, if you can help me connect me with private high schools and people that you think I can help
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that like, come, talk to me.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And then she got a commitment. So I'm just letting you guys know like there's a way to like show that as a founder you're trying to like grow.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And you're trying to make progress with your business. And by a byproduct of that might be someone realizing. Wow! Like, let me get in front of this before they take off, and I can't afford them anymore.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright, last one.
Lilliana Robinson: Well, I was actually, I think, that like really solidified everything we wanted.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Or is it okay?
Lilliana Robinson: So I I'm gonna put 2 in the chat for later. So just open these up. If you're interested, 2 different examples I'd rather you guys have time to talk to each other. The first example that you can look at later is global. I'm gonna put in the chat. This is a baby food company. Erica did B to C, first like B to C from her website, and then she started doing B to B to C, where she got into whole foods, and and Kroger, and a couple of other like really large brands.
Lilliana Robinson: So that's a great B to C and B, 2 B to C, which a lot of you are. So look at that. She doesn't. A phenomenal job
Lilliana Robinson: doing different things for her pitch video and QA. She has 3 completely different motives. The pitch is like the why. The video is scientific in the background and like justifying why she's doing this. It's for palette development of babies. And then the QA. Knocks out of the park with business and traction. But she actually doesn't really bring up the traction except one time before that
Lilliana Robinson: onboard base is the next one. That is a straight B 2 B Sas play, probably like.
Lilliana Robinson: yeah, just at the top of his class, if not the top, and he knows that of the ebay class of last cohort.
Lilliana Robinson: So onboard, base like stream standout, he did a phenomenal job just like having a lot of meat, a lot of steak and not sizzle. So watch his as well. Did you wanna call out anything from from Dante's.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: For. Yeah, Dante cause what's interesting is Dante's very quiet.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and he's very introverted.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and he's not particularly like strongly spoken at all. So his is interesting because he found a way on States to like use that to his advantage. If I remember correctly.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It was. It was a fun one.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. Oh, for onboard base. I I'm gonna have to post it while you guys are in the breakout room because I only have the larger link to all of ebay. But let's go into breakout rooms. So, Neil, do you wanna give them the prompt for what they should be doing. We'll spend about
Lilliana Robinson: 10 to 15, and then we'll come back for like a 5 min debrief.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, well, I mean, basically what you want to do. There's there's 3 different kind of categories of questions that I want you all to consider. I'll I'll just. I'll just show my screen really quickly, just to demonstrate the 3.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Here are
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the 3 that I want you all to pay attention to.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I want you to think about what questions you're most excited to answer.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right? So which ones are you like? Really like, you know, you can knock out of the part. You should identify any questions that you've written down that like. Yes, I can't wait for someone to ask me this because I am gonna crush it. I'm gonna Dunk.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Then there's questions that you don't know how to answer. But you think it's important to get asked.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You're like, I don't know how I'm gonna be a billion dollar company. But I know I need to answer that because it's a question I get asked a lot, or it's a thing that holds people back from wanting to work with me
Neal Sáles-Griffin: or consider investing.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And then, lastly.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: what questions are you afraid to answer
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like, if you you're like almost nervous about getting asked
Neal Sáles-Griffin: cause you're like, if they ask me this like I'm not, I don't know what's gonna happen
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like, I actually would be very embarrassed. But, like, how much is in how much runway do you have, or what's in your bank account, or what you spend money on last week, or you know, what's your score based on Mert's like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: whatever like, you know, money score for your bank account stuff like I don't know. But there's probably something that you're like. I really don't want to answer that. And I would challenge you to say, like, let's consider all 3 of these
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like what you're excited to answer, what you're not sure how to answer, and what you're afraid to answer
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and try to grab one of each of those to run by or have
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Have the people in your breakout room ask you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and talk through it.
Lilliana Robinson: So you should write that down.
Lilliana Robinson: Can you say it one more time now, so that they can.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Unsure and afraid.
Lilliana Robinson: We're gonna do pretty much exactly 10 min. So keep the time. Do 5 and 5. It's gonna be partners. So everyone's gonna be in there with their co-founder and another company. I tried to make it so that you guys are with companies you're familiar with and then
Lilliana Robinson: you keep your own track in 5 min. Swap, and then in 10 min I'll call you back in and we'll see what happened. Hopefully, you guys can brainstorm some good questions. Okay, let me know if you have any questions you can raise your hand and I'll come in.
Lilliana Robinson: There's a little thing at the bottom that'll say, ask for help, and I'll come in
Lilliana Robinson: and we're going to pause the recording.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, welcome back.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Smiles.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Sounds like that went well.
Marisel Polanco: He was so sure.
Fabien | Positive Finance: Sure.
Kelvin Alaneme: The time was too short.
Lilliana Robinson: Why do you guys.
Dan Ponomarenko: We just started.
Lilliana Robinson: You didn't do 5 min each like we said.
Marisel Polanco: Hard.
Lilliana Robinson: Well, you guys are welcome to see that
Lilliana Robinson: pair up on your own work together. This was just to get a taste here, Links, that I was talking about. Global is the baby food one on board basis, the Sas one definitely check those out if you have time. Does anyone want to share, like a really good question that they came up with in the brainstorming.
valeria brenner: Well, I don't know if I wanna share the the question I can. But like I was just gonna say, like, at least we got teamed up with with Muta, and it worked out really well, because I feel like we had a lot of the same like concerns excitements, cause we're both starting with like smaller industry, like Instagram, one off sellers and like small musicians, and like a lot of the questions and concern were the same. So it was great getting to bounce ideas back off each other. Because.
valeria brenner: yeah, there was a lot of crossover. So that was good.
Kelvin Alaneme: Okay.
Kelvin Alaneme: we had
Kelvin Alaneme: we had a session. We were teamed. I was teamed up with the Gift Gram group, and I think one of the questions that I think that is one of the questions we were a bit afraid or skeptical of answering is something that is happening in the mental health space. Now, with the leader, better help they sold data to Facebook
Kelvin Alaneme: and most of these companies, and they've been slammed with the 7.8 million dollar fine. Now, this is something we can spin to our advantage, but it also kind of, you know, if the industry leader is caught doing that. If you a small fee. So we are planning to spin it in a way that for us. It's more of quality. The
Kelvin Alaneme: this week. We're hyper certified. So we're helping just tighten most of those angles. But
Kelvin Alaneme: you know, whatever their loss, can actually end up being again. The people that are losing trust in them, we can welcome them with open arms. So it is. It's a bit tricky. And yeah, we need to fine tune
Kelvin Alaneme: how we are going to drive it without
Kelvin Alaneme: sounding like, you know.
Kelvin Alaneme: Yeah.
Brian Simiyu: So I'm gonna jump in and say, man, I really enjoyed my conversation with Rochelle.
Brian Simiyu: I like that.
Brian Simiyu: Our industries are so contrarian that she she I don't know. It's so hard to explain. I got such a re which promised me so much from her that I even felt guilty. So I've I've actually committed to already, before you cancel to our local conversation with her.
Brian Simiyu: Pretty much because.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Claiming to be the doctor when we were playing.
Brian Simiyu: Yeah, yeah, we're usually very positive personalities. And I think when lunch the other day for her, she's a she's a libra and areas. If anyone knows that sort of to literally opposite polarities, you know.
Brian Simiyu: So yeah, it has been. It was quite a I was just thinking to myself, like, Wow, I, I never thought
Brian Simiyu: about it from that perspective. So yeah, I like, I like, I love the contrarianism of it all. Between the pairing that was cool
Brian Simiyu: of it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So well, we're here for you. So you I think you understand the assignment.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So if if you have any other questions, I'm I'm at the ready. You just let me know. Hit me up on box or base camp. We can meet in person, or virtually all that stuff is on the table, but
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I hope we've given you well enough for the week
Neal Sáles-Griffin: your time back and and recharging ready for next week. It's worth
Neal Sáles-Griffin: things are heating up. We're in the final stretch.
Lilliana Robinson: Let it marinate, go rest. Things will come to you, write them down when you have ideas, and then next week start putting it together and make sure that you're not doing them in silos. All 3 should work together just like we talked about today.
Lilliana Robinson: But you guys are great. You're gonna do great. So
Lilliana Robinson: talk to you later. Thanks for hanging out.
valeria brenner: Thank you. Guys have a good weekend.
Brian Simiyu: Jennifer.
Lilliana Robinson: Fine.
Felipe - Gohaus: Miami, one.
Kelvin Alaneme: Everyone.
Felipe - Gohaus: Went.